it's a good like seven inches
approximately the size of a coke can I'm
talking girth of a set name ok I said
what is your name ok I'll put down a
score money y2k look if you're serious
about online dating you're gonna have to
pay attention to what i see up simple
misunderstanding ok go on age in human
years I'm gonna assume yes 700 ok you
got me 704 704 no okay all right let's
just say 30 nope okay crib burglar look
whatever is your occupation Oh federal
breast inspector I've got this sweet a
hilarious trucker cap i got at the
markets last week i'm gonna wear it on
the first day it is going to be a guy
freelancer on that section there
whatever your super oh that's all right
do you smoke but internally all the time
how often do you drink are we talking
you know blood or human tears or upper
socially uh what do you like doing on
the weekend what is the what is a
weekend doesn't say suggest get that one
uh what are you most passionate about a
murder eternal Hellfire and Nigella
Lawson she is quite a strumpet can have
to rephrase there's a little bit uh what
what were they murder for okay big
believer in criminal justice eternal
Hellfire second I love summer and lastly
I'd like to be sexually annihilated by
nigella lawson
certified foodie who loves a good cook
do those mean the same things yeah yeah
definitely oh just wish you'd stuck with
Lena okay of what kind of woman are you
looking for well be preferably alive but
uh I've had worse let's not it's not
going to that is wait an issue only if
she's so heavy she can't fit through the
door average and under okay how about
kids who whoa I mean the beggars can't
be choosers I've never really thought
about that uh do you mind if she has
children that's what I was right of
course key naturally of us yes I me know
of you it doesn't matter if it's not
important I understand what you're
saying without question that I under yes
it's like questionnaire time yep agree
or disagree do you seek adventure but
yes do you off and make others feel good
those disturbed colors good is having a
sense of humor important does the Pope
shit in the woods what is this Pope that
you keep well it's a it's a it's a joke
obviously I mean you wouldn't understand
your fear not my target audience yes
it's important to me okay last but not
least do you have any additional message
for prospective lovers out there get
ugly quick ladies I'll fly like dog shit
imma be collecting pennies like Paul's
bitch loves long walks on the beach well
good luck i'm sure you have lots of our
responses i want nothing more to do with
this thank you and I'm out of here wait
wait no teach me about snapchat
okay last but not least do you have any
additional messages for perspective
lovers out there get at me quick ladies
on flight like dog shit I'm gonna be
collecting pennies like parks bitch
loves long walks on the beach hmm well
good luck I'm sure you'll have lots of
responses I have nothing more to do with
this your honor oh wait wait you were
supposed to teach me about snapchat the
popular app goodbye everybody scope
money out